what the fuck man it'sit's dude there
was a guy my freakin tower and they're
like it too freakin % health man there
had like two percent health I have a
freakin oh my god i have a freakin
ultimate that I could have freakin used
on them and it just freaking I didn't
say you were i'm just complaining out
the game like playing about you come on
i just read Amir's ultimate last two
Bennett long oh yeah one great 3718
visible damage from blah blah blah
fucking shitty ped god they're so bad
the preset is fucking barrel died from a
hundred percent 20 without healing him
one ball recklessness bladestorm you're
fucking retarded but you can win cuz you
have here look at his priest fucking
backpedaling the whole fucking game this
ridiculous he retarded
intimidating shooting back over every
girl from that yeah but it doesn't
fucking matter to sail a fucking gear oh
that's a staccato rhythm bolt but I died
why don't like I don't understand I'm
running away from the DK and you guys
both stand up there doing nothing just
sitting up there like fighting them to
v3 I don't like I don't